Explanation: The purpose of the app to create the homepage of a pet sitting business.  The homepage would be similar to many small business websites.  It will have the basic features of a menu, contact box, description, photo, logo and rates.  These are things that would normally be found on different pages on the website, but since it's one page, I'll put in on the homepage.
I would like to be able to create websites for pet sitters, so this would be a test.
Approach - I've seen many pet sitter websites, so I have a general idea on what many pet sitters have on their homepage.  It will techinically be for pet sitters, but many small businesses have similar home pages.  The layout will be a standard design of menu on top, info in the middle and some content on the sides.  Most businesses wouldn't have a contact box, which I hope to have, on the homepage, but I'd like to have it.
I have code from APIs in class to create databases for the tic tac toe, so I hope to use something similar for the contact box.  I also have the Active Mailer from Active Record to send emails to myself when someone completes the box.
I plan on using more CSS than I did on the tic tac toe project.  I used very little CSS in that project, but I'm more comfortable with it.  I plan on using JavaScript when I have to, but I like creating a page with HTML/CSS more.  I'll meet the basic requirements for other languages.
The API will be troubling.  I have had difficulty with it, so I'll work on it after the front end.
